docs: update UI text to 'Record payload in traffic logs' (#1733)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: api-management/tyk-pump.mdx

You can enable detailed recording for an individual API by setting the [server.detailedActivityLogs.enabled](/api-management/gateway-config-tyk-oas#detailedactivitylogs) flag within the Tyk Vendor Extension.

In the Dashboard UI, you can configure detailed recording using the **Record payload in traffic logs** option in the API Designer.

<!-- TODO: Update screenshot to show "Record payload in traffic logs" instead of "Enable Detailed Activity Logs" -->
<img src="/img/dashboard/api-designer/tyk-oas-detailed-logs.png" alt="Enabling detailed activity logs for a Tyk OAS API" />

**Tyk Classic APIs**

When working with Tyk Classic APIs, you should configure the equivalent `enable_detailed_recording` flag in the root of the API definition.

> In the Tyk Classic API Designer, the **Record payload in traffic logs** option can be found in **Core Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Tyk Classic API Designer, the **Enable Detailed Logging** option can be found in **Core Settings**.
```

> <!-- TODO: Update screenshot to show "Record payload in traffic logs" instead of "Enable Detailed Logging" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
